### Connect 4 Object Oriented

<p> <i>This connect4 app I really struggled with for some reason. Mostly I just had a hard time knowing where to start and felt overwhelmed trying to recall what tools I should use with all the concepts we've learned. With this specific "connect4" app some of the functions were tricky for me to wrap my head around. Trying to follow to update the entire app to be on a single class proved to be challenging. My assessment is that I need to spend more time actually writing code. Whether it's making a little example or making a fast and dirty application. Because when it comes time to complete the exercises and start "creating" code I feel like I get overwhelmed and don't know what concepts to use. The amount of code i've been writing has been pretty limited to coding along to the videos and completing the course exercises, but not a lot of time exploring and just messing around with different code.  I do feel like I have a good understanding of individual concepts and find it easy to understand solutions and understanding what the solution code is doing once I take a peak at how it was written. Even just seeing what concepts are used by a quick glancing through solution and then attempting to recreate myself. Knowing myself and learning style it's going to just take a lot of repition and writing my own code to play with will help get it nailed down. I'm a bit of a perfectionist too though so it's tough for me to move quickly because I hate feeling like I don't know something I should know already.</i>
</p>
